le voire
Yes, it is.
What happens next?
Next,
we go to the entrance of the sea.
The scenery around there is similar to the sea or the sea
that we learn at school.
Let's sing.
The waves and waves
are so many
that they can't be reached.
The waves are so many
The waves and waves
are so many
that they can't be reached.
After that,
we go to the sea.
The waves are so many
that they can't be reached.
The waves and waves
are so many
that they can't be reached.
It seems that the rain has stopped.
Is it spring?
Why do you look so sad?
Let's talk later.
But it seems that the clouds have stopped
and it's going to rain.
It's better if it's sunny.
Let's talk.
When it's sunny,
we can't stay here.
My body is a little weak.
Is it okay?
It's okay.
When we go to the sea,
it's good.
The fishermen and the boatmen
will come early in the morning.
Let's sing.
The waves and waves
are so many
that they can't be reached.
The clouds are so many
The waves and waves
are so many.